# TARGET OUTCOMES
## Article ID: demo1
## Article DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cognition.2016.06.015

For this article you should focus on the findings for Experiment 1 reported in section 2.2. Specifically, you should attempt to reproduce all descriptive and inferential analyses reported in the text below and associated tables/figures:

> Memory impairment was calculated by subtracting the recall accuracies in the control conditions from those in the correspond- ing experimental conditions (Fig. 1A). Because no significant difference was found in memory performance between the control condition of trained-cue retrieval and that of independent-cue retrieval in the ensuing experiments (p > 0.05), the recall accuracies in both control conditions were averaged and then used as a baseline for subtraction in the following analysis. Memory impairment was examined by a 2 (cue type: trained cue vs. independent cue) 2 (interference type: reactivation-coupled interference (R-interference) vs. non-reactivation-coupled interference (NR-interference)) repeated measures ANOVA. Results (Fig.2B) showed that, neither the main effect of cue type (F(1, 43) = 3.27, p > 0.05, MSE = 0.03, g2p = 0.07) nor that of interference type (F(1, 43) = 0.53, p > 0.05, MSE = 0.03, g2p = 0.01) were significant, but their interaction effect was significant (F(1, 43) = 4.43, p < 0.05, MSE = 0.02, g2p = 0.09). Investigations on the simple effects showed that, contrary to the usual view (Chan & LaPaglia, 2013), R-interference did not result in more severe memory impairments than NR-interference (t(43) = 0.75, p > 0.05) for trained-cue retrieval. In contrast, more memory impairment of the target words was found in the R-interference condition compared to the NR-interference condition for independent-cue retrieval (t(43) =  2.24, p < 0.05), indicating that memory impairment by R-interference was not restricted to the cues directly interfered.

**Note** Make sure to use the original article for additional context and information about any necessary pre-processing steps. Also check for additional supplementary materials that may provide supporting documentation for analysis procedures.
